
-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Re: MyOrgan
Date: Mon, 08 Jun 2009 07:24:44 -0400
From: Kirk Meyer <kirk.meyer@kloria.com>
To: Jean-Luc <jeanluc@derouineau.com>

I am no longer distributing MyOrgan for reasons of personal conscience.
I will be making a more detailed announcement in the near future.

As MyOrgan was open source, if there truly is interest from the open
source community, then volunteers such as you mention will develop it
under a new name. Better yet, they will start from the beginning and
build an innovative software that is robust and expandable rather than
simply simulating others' ideas. That is my suggestion for you.

Kirk Meyer


-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Re: MyOrgan
Date: Mon, 08 Jun 2009 11:49:36 -0400
From: Kirk Meyer <kirk.meyer@kloria.com>
To: Jean-Luc <jeanluc@derouineau.com>

I see that you have already started the OurOrgan project on SourceForge.
  MyOrgan remains my trademark presently, and "OurOrgan" is similar to
it and should be avoided. I very strongly recommend against using it as
the name of the new project. In any case the __Organ name has bad
connotations in English, which I found out only after I released the
product. You may not understand it, being French, but you would be
well-advised to select a different name. I think you can rename a
project in the SourceForge control panel.

I see that you've released a binary. The new about screen looks nice
("sourcode" should be "source code"). I would ask that you either please
remove the help file from the binary release, since it contains
references to MyOrgan and Kloria Publishing, or update all references to
MyOrgan with the new name, and particularly change the details on the
technical support page.

Kirk



-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Re: MyOrgan
Date: Mon, 08 Jun 2009 12:04:31 -0400
From: Kirk Meyer <kirk.meyer@kloria.com>
To: Jean-Luc <jeanluc@derouineau.com>

P.S. Please also remove the references to the MyOrgan name in each
source code file, and on the about screen. The new project should be a
project in its own right, not to be confused with MyOrgan.
-------- Original Message --------
Subject: Re: MyOrgan
Date: Tue, 09 Jun 2009 08:15:04 -0400
From: Kirk Meyer <kirk.meyer@kloria.com>
To: Jean-Luc <jeanluc@derouineau.com>

I see that you have made a new release with the help file updated. Thank
you!

I do want to very strongly discourage you not to use the OurOrgan name,
if you wish the project to have any longevity. It would be much easier
to rename the project now before it has many followers. (Think of how
Ethereal had to be renamed WireShark due to trademark issues, etc.) I
will not press the issue any further, but I think you will soon find
that the trademark owner may not be so accomodating.

Kirk



-----Message d'origine-----
De : Kirk Meyer [mailto:kirk.meyer@kloria.com] 
Envoyé : mardi 9 juin 2009 18:11
À : jeanluc@derouineau.com
Objet : Re: MyOrgan

MyOrgan is currently a trademark of Kloria Publishing. In the United 
States we have common law trademark, meaning it does not need to be 
registered. Also, if another mark is deceptively similar to an existing 
mark, it is considered an infringement. In this case "OurOrgan", 
"YourOrgan", etc. would be considered deceptively similar.

I did offer to Hauptwerk the copyright and trademark for MyOrgan, which 
I believe is rightfully theirs anyway. Whether or how they accept this 
offer remains to be seen. The offer was voluntary on my part, and there 
will not be any compensation. As the source code has been released under 
the GPL, they would not be able to interfere with further development, 
as long as it uses a substantially different name. As such, it is more 
of a token gesture that will not have any substantial effect.

My strong encouragement to you is to start over on a new virtual organ 
software, with its own file format and with sample sets in that format. 
MyOrgan was built too closely around the HW1 file format, including the 
inherent limitations thereof. This would give your virtual organ 
software a unique identity, rather than just "the Hauptwerk clone."

In the meantime, for the reason above, I think you would be really well 
advised to select a different name. But I guess it will be your judgment.

Kirk
